hello people today may 28 means 19
March this guy bought and bite there or
they call what caste begin how much
two months he's in my job that's when
I said I'll carry him on my pocket
I want to show what it means
let's say my job is constantly it
material up to 16
taking off drove titmouses here shot rented
decided to shoot the department here are removed for
usinsk ok here plus rays to me
like this particular knife thin tip and
here in these holes here
two and a half millimeters right here
shavings from here to remove reverse burrs
Who is it without a knife? I mean
refuel once every three days once a week
ordinary lanske slats 600 grit
Well, less is not necessary because I have
such work on metal to
basically picking about like a screwdriver then
than the general well, thinner I do not need to start
the edge is meaningless here the paper legs
Of course you cut after such work, not that
so he cuts mahr it undermines
in this here at this stage the details of the order
500 probably about 500 like that
Makar processed that is equal to me
like this steel horse breeder kick steel
maybe where 90 is better or some thread
but I like the form
blades
I like the shape of the pen.
somehow
with the presence of excess finance order
imagine 2 with a view to a year later
where is the thread of exploitation
I'll take another movie and put them next
changed and geometry or not changed
look at